api/cmp_service (#294)
AppLovin/AppLovin-MAX-React-Native: CHANGELOG.md

## Versions

## x.x.x

> * Add support for Manage Existing Privacy Settings. For more info, check out our [docs](https://dash.applovin.com/documentation/mediation/android/getting-started/terms-and-privacy-policy-flow#showing-gdpr-flow-to-existing-users).

Reviewer: Should point to the new React Native docs:
```suggestion
* Add support for showing Google UMP to existing users for integrations using our Google UMP Automation feature. For more info, check out our [docs](https://dash.applovin.com/documentation/mediation/react-native/getting-started/terms-and-privacy-policy-flow#showing-gdpr-flow-to-existing-users).
```
